Added person counts on reservations (#291)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/reservations.md

| `AvailabilityBlockId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Availability block](services.md#availability-block) the reservation is assigned to. |
| `RateId` | string | required | Identifier of the reservation [Rate](services.md#rate). |
| `VoucherId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Voucher](services.md#voucher) that has been used to create reservation. |

> | `PersonCounts` | Array of [Age category person count](#age-category-person-count) | required | Number of people per age category the reservation was booked for. At least one person must be provided. |

Reviewer: Regarding the persons/people - I'd use this as we mean a countable group, I have a feeling that people refers to rather uncountable mass of persons.
```suggestion
| `PersonCounts` | array of [Age category person count](#age-category-person-count) | required | Number of persons per age category the reservation was booked for. At least one category with valid count must be provided. |
```

Author: Not sure what's wrong with people. https://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/person-persons-or-people

Reviewer: Ok, eave the people in. Rest of the comment is valid - partner is providing counts, not the real persons.

Reviewer 2: I think you could use 'people' or 'persons' in this case, either would be ok.

> | `PersonCounts` | array of [Age category person count](#age-category-person-count) | required | Number of people per age category the reservation was booked for. At least one category with valid count must be provided. |

Reviewer 3: TBH, I don't like the name when I see it in the documentation. I would rename it here, in the documentation to something like "AgeCategoryAssignment"? @MikeAdamsMews what do you think?

Author: What do you mean? Renaming the `PersonCounts`, so we need to rename it also in the Dto,  or you mean renaming the `Age category person count`

Author: With  `Age category person count` I aggree, it's not the best name. I'll rename that. Just doublechecking if you mean that.

Reviewer 2: I think 'PersonCounts' is ok, it's clear what this means, but yes 'Age category person count' is a bit of a mouthful!

| `Type` | string [Order note type](#order-note-type) | required | Type of the note. |
| `CreatedUtc` | string | required | Creation date and time of the note in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

#### Age category person count

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `AgeCategoryId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the age category. |

Reviewer 3: missing link to the age category entity.

Author: For some reason there is no ageCategories/getAll yet documented. I'll add that in the separate PR and fix the link here, if that's fine by you.

Reviewer 2: Aside from the question of what words to use, I'm a little concerned that we are about to make life a lot harder for the API user (not just them but also anyone that has to support this, e.g. looking at logs in customer support). If we deprecate 'AdultCount' and 'ChildCount' then we will immediately break all their existing code. Then in the new proposal, there is no easy way to get something as simple as the count of guests from the reservation record, as a user you will now not only have to step through an array but also do a further lookup using a separate endpoint. Can we not make it a bit easier for them? For example, (1) don't deprecate the two counts (just define them using a separate fixed logic like under 18 = child), (2) put the non-zero age categories into the array so they don't have to do a separate lookup. I know you want to mimic the DB / object architecture, but should that be at the expense of usability?

Reviewer 3: @MikeAdamsMews How we will break their code if it's done in a nonbreaking way? The old approach is still supported, so there is no impact :)

Reviewer 2: The way I am reading the diff it looks like 'AdultCount' and 'ChildCount' are being removed from the record, have I got that wrong?

Author: Also, though it's removed from the Api documentation, it's not removed from the endpoint response. We just remove it from the documentation so the old implementation is not used and is not getting adapted when someone new implements the endpoint.

Author: We will still be returning  'AdultCount' and 'ChildCount' it just removed from documentation.

Reviewer 2: I see, thanks @vitezp for the clarification, although personally I don't like that approach - it means the documentation doesn't match the reality. I would rather keep it in and say 'deprecated parameters' or something like that.

Reviewer 3: @MikeAdamsMews this is not the first time, we discuss this approach at least 4 times.

Reviewer 2: @vitasamek have I really raised it that many times? Well, I guess I will keep on until you get the hint ;) The more I think about it, the more I think it is flat out bad practice. The purpose of documentation is to illuminate not obfuscate. We should be transparent and not hide parameters.

Reviewer 3: @MikeAdamsMews This is a current way how we do documentation. We can change it in many ways :) But there is a huge difference between talking and making things happen. :))) Unfortunately, we're only talking...

Author: If there is no more questions/comments to this PR I'd like to move this further. We can discuss significant changes in the API offline not over this PR.

Reviewer 3: @vitezp There is a comment, we cannot merge it because there is missing the important part - get all categories.

> | `Count` | int | required | Number of person of a given age category. |

Reviewer: We use number everywhere else. 
```suggestion
| `Count` | number | required | Number of persons of a given age category. Only positive value is accepted. |
```

| `ReservationId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the [Reservation](reservations.md#reservation). |
| `StartUtc` | [String update value](reservations.md#string-update-value) | optional | Reservation start in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. \(or `null` if the start time should not be updated). |
| `EndUtc` | [String update value](reservations.md#string-update-value) | optional | Reservation end in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. \(or `null` if the end time should not be updated). |

> | `PersonCounts` | array of [Person counts update value](#person-counts-update-value) | optional | Number of people per age category the reservation is for. \(or `null` if the person counts should not be updated). |

Reviewer 3: Should not we mentio here, as we discussed, that the old values will be replaced by the new value?

Author: I was considering it, it was pretty clear to me from how it's written now, but I can mention it explicitly.

Reviewer 3: I would consider it and ask @MikeAdamsMews how to write it :)
